Fix User Guide for 2024.01.00 (#10301)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/filtering-layers.md

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/attribute-table-quick-filter-1.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

> The user can also filter an attribute using the operation input box. From the dropdown menu it is possible to choose the operation to perform (for the *String* attribute can be `=`, `like`, `ilike` or `isNull`, for the *Integer*, *Data* or *Time* attribute, can be `=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`, `<>`, `><` or `isNull`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can also filter an attribute using the input box. From the dropdown menu it is possible to choose the operator to use (for the *String* attribute it can be `=`, `like`, `ilike` or `isNull`, for the *Integer*, *Data* or *Time* attribute, it can be instead `=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`, `<>`, `><` or `isNull`)
```

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/operations_drop_down_menu.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

In order to filter a numerical filed matching the records *greater than* or *equal* to a certain threshold value, an example can be:

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/attribute-table-quick-filter-3.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

The user can also filter the records, of the *Date*, *Time* and *DateTime* attributes, through the *Date Picker* option by clicking on the <img src="../img/button/date_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Date* attributes, the <img src="../img/button/time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Time* attributes and the <img src="../img/button/date_time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *DateTime* attributes. To filter a *DateTime* attribute using the **Date Picker** option, an example can be the following:

<video class="ms-docimage" style="max-width:700px;" controls><source src="../img/filtering-layers/data_time_picker_example.mp4"/></video>

> In the *Date Picker* option, with the `><` operation enabled, the **Time Range** tool is supported. Here the user can select the *Start Date* and the *End Date* to filter the attribute, an example can be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the *Date Picker* option, with the `><` operator selected, the **Time Range** picker is supported. Here the user can select the *Start Date* and the *End Date* to filter the attribute, an example can be the following:
```

* In the second input box it is possible to choose the operation to perform (selecting a text field can be **=**, **like**, **ilike** or **isNull**, selecting a numerical field, can be **=**, **>**, **<**, **>=**, **<=**, **<>** or **><**)

> * The third input box (in case of fields of type String) provides a paginated list of available field values already present in the layer's dataset (a GeoServer WPS process is used for this). In case of numeric fields the user can simply type a value to use for the filter or used the **Date Picker** tool for the *Date*, *Time* and *DateTime* attributes as described above in the [Quick Filter by attributes](filtering-layers.md#quick-filter-by-attributes) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The third input box (in case of fields of type String) provides a paginated list of available field values already present in the layer's dataset (a GeoServer WPS process is used for this). In case of numeric fields, the user can simply type a value to use for the filter or use instead the **Date Picker** tool for the *Date*, *Time* and *DateTime* attributes as described above in the [Quick Filter by attributes](filtering-layers.md#quick-filter-by-attributes) section.
```

!!! Note

>     For the *Query Panel*, the *Date Picker* tool also allows the user to select **Quick Date Ranges**: `Now`, `Yesterday` for single *Date* or *DateTime* and `Tomorrow` or `Now`, `This week`, `This month`, `7 days from now`, `30 days from now` and `90 days from now` for intervals *Date* or *DateTime*. An example can be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For the *Query Panel*, the *Date Picker* tool also allows the user to perform select **Quick Date Selections** such as: `Now`, `Yesterday` for single *Date* or *DateTime* and `Tomorrow` or also quick date ranges like `Now`, `This week`, `This month`, `7 days from now`, `30 days from now` and `90 days from now` for *Date* or *DateTime* intervals depending on the operator selected. An example can be the following:
```
